chore: update links (#1000)
discordjs/guide: guide/whats-new.md

### Updated

> - Commando: Removed, to be replaced with a guide on [Sapphire](https://github.com/discordjs/guide/pull/711)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Commando: Removed, to be replaced with [Sapphire](https://www.sapphirejs.dev/) 
```

Reviewer 2: I don't think it's necessary, because the it's related with this PR specifically.
